Welcome back!
I want to commend you on such
a fantastic job you're doing so far.
The skills you are learning will create
a solid foundation as you begin your
security career.
In the previous section, you applied
your networking knowledge to deepen
your understanding of network traffic.
You practiced some skills that
security analysts use on the job like
capturing network traffic and
dissecting packets.
Next, we'll examine the life cycle of
a security incident from beginning to end.
You'll focus on how to detect,
respond, and recover from an incident.
Coming up,
you'll learn how to investigate and
verify an incident once
it's been detected.
You'll explore the plans and
processes behind incident response.
Finally, you'll learn about the
post-incident actions that organizations
take to learn and
improve from the experience.
At the end of this section,
you'll gain a comprehensive understanding
of an incident's lifecycle.
You ready?
Let's begin!